UNKNOWN: Thank you.
UNKNOWN: Morning.
NARRATOR: This programme contains
very strong language.
TERRI: Morning, Cliff, let me take that.
CLIFF: Thank you.
CLIFF: Up all night
with these bloody things.
At a time like this, for God's sake!
CLIFF: Going to have a pizza.
TERRI:Have you got the digest, please? ..Thank you.
CLIFF: Um...
CLIFF: Would you mind taking them? Oh, why?
Um, Malcolm's there.
CLIFF: Malcolm? Where? In there? In there.
Why?
TERRI: It's just a social call.
CLIFF: A social call? Jesus Christ! Yeah.
CLIFF: Um...have you got him coffee?
TERRI: Did you get him coffee?
CLIFF: I thought you were organising it.
Oh, for Christ...
CLIFF: Get coffee, get, um, danish pastries,
croissants and... Danish pastries,
croissants... No, no, no!
CLIFF: Fruit! Get lots of fruit. Can you
get fruit? A pile of fruit
and lots of coffee. Now! OK?
UNKNOWN: He's useless.
MALCOLM: He's absolutely useless! He is!
He's useless! He's as useless as
a marzipan dildo.
MALCOLM: I've got to go.
The minister's just walked in.
CLIFF: Don't interrupt your call because of
me. You're a minister of the Crown.
HUGH: You don't need to listen
to all of my chutney!
CLIFF: I'm sure it's much, much
more interesting than chutney.
HUGH: No, no, no. It's... It's a...
HUGH: my cock-up, as usual. I thought that
Graham Dixon was doing a briefing,
and it turns out it's Graham Hughes.
HUGH: Too many Grahams around. We ought to
kill some of them.
MALCOLM: Exactly!
HUGH: Yeah. No, just leave it there.
Thank you, Terri.
There's a lot of them, isn't there?
HUGH: It started with the Telegraph diary,
but just more and more and more.
MALCOLM: Seriously,
the PM likes you personally.
MALCOLM: I like you personally, and we've
absolutely no desire to get rid of
you. I just want you to know that.
MALCOLM: None of this negative stuff
is coming from us.
HUGH: Oh, no, mate. That...
HUGH: ..makes a big difference. Makes me
feel a lot more secure.
MALCOLM: Does it?
Well, it's difficult.
HUGH: What's difficult? Just endless
headlines, day after day.
HUGH: It's chipping away at confidence.
MALCOLM: Absolutely. The thing is...
we're starting to look weak.
MALCOLM: Everybody's saying, "When's
he gonna go. When's he gonna go?"
MALCOLM: Right... And you don't want us
to look weak, do you?
HUGH: No, no...
MALCOLM: So there you are!
MALCOLM: That's why you've gotta go.
HUGH: No.
MALCOLM: Yes.
[KNOCK AT DOOR]
TERRI: Would you like some coffee?
MALCOLM: Fuck off!
TERRI: Tea?
MALCOLM: You fuck off, darling.
HUGH: Malcolm, look, um...
HUGH: if you do this, it's the bollocks
of the jungle out there, you know?
HUGH: They're like wolves...
MALCOLM: pissed wolves. I've made the
announcement. I've told the Lobby.
HUGH: You've told the Lobby I'm going?
MALCOLM: Yeah. Sorry, Cliff.
MALCOLM: Minister...
HUGH: Yeah, get used to "Cliff".
MALCOLM: I've booked you in for
the usual soapy-tit-wank farewell
at Number 10 in 20 minutes.
MALCOLM: I've drafted a letter of
resignation. It says you're jumping
before you're pushed,
MALCOLM: although we are going to be briefing
that you were pushed. Sorry.
HUGH: Um...
HUGH: Look, you don't need to do all this.
What about Tom, yeah? Everybody
knows he's fucking up Transport.
MALCOLM: We can't sack Tom at Transport!
We can't lose anyone at Transport,
they're important!
HUGH: What, and Social Affairs isn't?
MALCOLM: Oh... OK, the Department of
Social Affairs is very important,
but it's not Transport.
MALCOLM: Transport's cars, buses, trucks...
HUGH: I know what Transport
fucking entails!
MALCOLM: Look, look...
[HUGH SIGHS DEEPLY]
HUGH: I'll look at them.
HUGH: "Personal reasons"?
MALCOLM: Yeah. I thought that would
give you adequate scope.
HUGH: Scope?
HUGH: What like, um, shooting up in the
Cabinet office or something? What?
HUGH: Stuffing a cat up my arse and having
a wank? What do you mean?
MALCOLM: You know, this could be a great deal worse.
MALCOLM: You have had a good innings.
You have been here for 18 months
MALCOLM: and, you know, I have written
some very nice things about you in
the PM's reply to your resignation.
MALCOLM: Some very nice fucking things
indeed! I had a lump in my throat,
and you know why?
MALCOLM: Because no-one who matters thinks
any the less of you over this...
SO FAR, OK?
MALCOLM: Right, one more thing.
The Daily Mail.
MALCOLM: David Topham has got it into his
head that we are going to sack you
because of Press pressure.
HUGH: I wonder why(!)
MALCOLM: Look, you're in no position to dish
out fucking sarcasm, that's over.
MALCOLM: You no longer have purchase in the
sarcasm world! Get on the phone,
tell them that you're jumping
MALCOLM: before you are pushed. We were
going to push you because of your
deeply-held fucking personal issues!
HUGH: You want me to write my own obituary?
MALCOLM: Get on the fucking phone!
MALCOLM: Do it now!
UNKNOWN: Morning!
UNKNOWN: Good morning. Have you seen the
Times? No. Jo Cherman. She's been
a bit of a bitch, actually.
UNKNOWN: Well, she always is. Yeah.
UNKNOWN: Everything in this package is small!
We'll go down, the local yokels
will take photographs
UNKNOWN: and that's fine. They'll snap away
for 20... 20 minutes is enough.
UNKNOWN: He's here now, so don't worry.
Morning, Hugh!
HUGH: Good morning. Come on!
TERRI: Shush! I've got something
very important to say. I've got...
OLLY: Olly, I've got something for us.
I got us a very tasty little morsel,
OLLY: because I had a chat with my very
good friend the Prime Minister of
Great Britain...
HUGH: Oh, really? Oh?
OLLY: Yes, and remember the, um...
OLLY: Olly, your benefit unit fraud...
HUGH: Anti-Benefit Fraud Executive - ABFE.
OLLY: ABFE? Um, Scrounger Squad...
GLENN: Snooper Squad. Snooper Squad! The
one with spending implications?
OLLY: Yes.
HUGH: The Prime Minister's view is,
"Fuck the spending implications,
I like it."
GLENN: Good.
HUGH: So this is us, we're on the map.
HUGH: It's a chance for me, Glenn, to get
on Richard And Judy and plant that
flag right on their fucking sofa.
GLENN: So the Prime Minister's
authorised you to announce it?
HUGH: Well, that's very much
what he signalled, yes, very clearly.
HUGH: He said he's right behind us
and it's what we should be doing.
OLLY: This is great. So we can do it this
afternoon at the school, can't we?
OLLY: We can clear the press conference
and...
TERRI: Excuse me.
HUGH: Yeah, we'll double-bubble it. Yeah?
We'll leak it to the Standard, then
trail it on The World At One, yes?
HUGH: We need someone at the Standard...
GLENN: What about Angela Heaney? She's at
the Standard now, isn't she?
HUGH: Yeah.
HUGH: Yeah, Olly?
OLLY: Um, yes, she is. Do you not think
that maybe she's a bit junior?
GLENN: A bit too much like your ex, who
broke your heart then dumped you
with a text message?
OLLY: It was a fucking e-mail! It wasn't
a text message. She'll write
what we want. She's easy.
GLENN: She's easy.
OLLY: Yeah, she is easy.
TERRI: I can see that you've all got big,
stiff hard-ons for this...
HUGH: Sorry?
TERRI: That is nice. I'm not saying
that's not nice but...
HUGH: Terri?
TERRI: ..there is no way we'll clear it
by this afternoon so...
HUGH: Why not?
TERRI: Cool it. I'll ring Paul
at the Treasury.
HUGH: No! No, no!
HUGH: No phone calls to the Treasury!
HUGH: If you call the Treasury, he's
going to have to dress up as
catering with a big tray of drinks
HUGH: and a pot of sliced lemons...
TERRI: I'm not doing that.
HUGH: They'll just take it.
TERRI: I'm just going by procedure.
HUGH: Terri, I love doing things
the right way, that ethical stuff,
I love it, we all do,
HUGH: but it's very difficult when you're
the first person to put the gun down,
HUGH: because people tend to jump on your
head as if it's a ripe watermelon.
We don't want that, do we?
TERRI: OK.
HUGH: The Prime Minister is
above the Treasury in the hierarchy.
HUGH: I can write it down on a chart.
Whatever.
TERRI: Thank you.
HUGH: Very good, Minister, I'll get to it.
Yeah. You're just doing your job.
Yeah. (Not very well.)
HUGH: Will you get Angela on the phone
for Olly? ..You can deal with this,
Olly, yes?
OLLY: Um...
HUGH: Thanks. The driver. ..Technically.
Yeah. Will it be my driver?
GLENN: Yes.
HUGH: I don't fucking like him.
GLENN: Why not?
HUGH: He's... I don't know.
I think he despises me.
GLENN: We'll have to use him today, because
you know how the pool system works.
So we go down to the school, um...
HUGH: He's sort of contemptuous.
GLENN: The driver?
HUGH: I feel like he looks down on me.
GLENN: No. Hugh he likes you, I'm sure.
[PIPS ON CAR RADIO]
RADIO: The World At One, this is
Nick Clarke with 30 minutes of
news and...
HUGH: You can fuck off!
RADIO: This afternoon the Social Affairs
Secretary, Hugh Abbot...
GLENN: Evening!
RADIO: ..Funding for
an anti-fraud executive to include
a uniformed so-called Snooper Force.
RADIO: The announcement suggests the DSA
has pushed the Treasury
into releasing more funds,
RADIO: so is the Treasury losing its
central policy?
HUGH: Not before time!
RADIO: We'll talk to Opposition spokesman,
Mark Davis Nathenson...
HUGH: If you can get him out of the bath.
RADIO: First, estimates of fatalities
from yesterday's train disaster in
Bangalore have risen overnight...
HUGH: That's marvellous.
[MOBILE RINGS]
HUGH: Oh, Tucker. ..Malcolm.
MALCOLM: What the fuck was that? Was this
whole Snooper Force thing from you?
HUGH: I talked to the PM
and this is completely Kosher,
as far he's concerned.
HUGH: He gave the go ahead and said,
"Bounce the Treasury!"
MALCOLM: I can hear that you are, as usual,
upset...
MALCOLM: I'll tell you why I'm upset. I'm
upset because these fucking morons
over at the Treasury are paranoid!
MALCOLM: If you don't tell them about stuff
like this, or cc them an e-mail,
they think you've started a coup!
MALCOLM: You don't seem to
understand that I'm going to have to mop up a
fucking hurricane of piss
MALCOLM: from all of these neurotics. What
did the Prime Minister actually say?
HUGH: He said, "This is exactly the
kind of thing we should be doing."
MALCOLM: What did he actually say?
HUGH: He said, "This is exactly the
sort of thing we should be doing."
MALCOLM: "Should be doing..."
MALCOLM: "Should" does not mean "yes".
MALCOLM: There's only one thing to do here,
what I'm going to tell you to do.
MALCOLM: Kill it!
HUGH: I can't kill it. I'm on my way
to make the announcement.
HUGH: There's gonna be TV cameras there
and everything.
MALCOLM: Well, fuck the TV cameras!
Think of something else to say,
MALCOLM: but don't mention the Snooper Force
or whatever the fuck you call it!
HUGH: Scambusters.
MALCOLM: Get rid of it! I don't
want to hear about it again. Bye!
HUGH: Hugh, talk to me. Hugh,
what's going on? What's the matter?
HUGH: We're going to have to do a number of
things...
GLENN: Like?
HUGH: ..almost immediately.
GLENN: What's the problem?
HUGH: Fuck...
GLENN: Hugh, what?
HUGH: Stop saying what. Right.
I shouldn't have been sucked in!
GLENN: Is this Tucker jumping on this?
HUGH: I think he was right.
He's always fucking right.
GLENN: No, he's not always right.
HUGH: Should...
HUGH: Does it mean "yes"?
GLENN: Yes, we should do this.
HUGH: Hugh... When Tucker was talking
to me, "should" didn't mean "yes".
HUGH: I mean, it really didn't.
HUGH: I felt like a fool.
ANGELA: Yeah, this is very nice.
OLLY: This is just work, isn't it?
I mean, we're not...
ANGELA: Yeah, no, absolutely. No, no...
Nothing like that.
OLLY: It's just, you know, deadline.
ANGELA: Yeah, sure.
OLLY: Something like, Social Affairs
Minister Hugh Abbot
OLLY: will today announce a tough new
crackdown on benefit fraudsters...
OLLY: Um...
OLLY: paragraph.
ANGELA: Yeah, I can
do the punctuation, Olly.
OLLY: Sorry.
ANGELA: Actually, I did have it written down
a bit better.
OLLY: Oh, that's fantastic
Olly. Can I just have that?
ANGELA: Sure.
OLLY: That's great.
OLLY: It's all... It should all be there.
I've done it in capitals.
ANGELA: Cool? I think I'll say
SENIOR Government sources.
OLLY: Thank you very much!
ANGELA: It sounds better.
OLLY: Yeah, of course.
GLENN: Olly! Come on! Over here, Olly!
OLLY: Sorry.
GLENN: What's that you've got?
OLLY: Olives.
GLENN: Olives? Do you want one?
HUGH: He's brought his own olives.
MALCOLM: So the line is, and call every
news desk, that the Snooper Force
story is that it was let out
MALCOLM: by "a disgruntled civil servant".
OK?
TERRI: OK, great.
HUGH: Terri...
TERRI: Mmm?
HUGH: You can drop that tone, all right?
TERRI: What tone?
HUGH: The
I-knew-better-all-along tone, yeah?
HUGH: It isn't fucking appreciated
right now.
TERRI: Bye.
OLLY: The thing is,
the story isn't a story...
ANGELA: What do you mean?
OLLY: The Snooper Force.
It's not happening.
OLLY: None of that is actually happ...
None of that is actually happening.
OLLY: I-I can't do this.
ANGELA: You've got to do this.
OLLY: I mean, yeah, you know reading,
talking, I get...I get car sick.
OLLY: I've got to stop. We've got to stop.
OLLY: Jesus Christ!
OLLY: Do you think you could pull in
at the next lay-by?
OLLY: As far as the department
is concerned...
OLLY: As far as the Government
is concerned, there is
no Snooper Force.
ANGELA: What's going on?
ANGELA: Has the Treasury gone ballistic?
OLLY: No, no.
ANGELA: Is this flip-flop?
OLLY: No, there's
no flip-flop. Nothing like that...
OLLY: This isn't a change in policy
in any...in any respect.
ANGELA: No. What's going on, Olly?
OLLY: No, well, the truth is that I...
acted beyond my brief.
ANGELA: What are you talking about?
OLLY: I dunno. I just kind of wanted
to play the big man in front of you.
ANGELA: You came out and you
just made something up?
OLLY: No, no.
OLLY: I'm really so sorry.
If it's any help...
OLLY: The line that we're getting is that
there's a disgruntled civil servant.
They leaked the story.
ANGELA: Got a name?
OLLY: Do I have a name for the disgruntled
civil servant? Well, Derek.
Derek Terri...
OLLY: Terri. No, we're gonna pick a name.
We're gonna pick a name. I'm
so sorry. I'm so sorry about this.
ANGELA: This is ridiculous!
OLLY: No, it's...
ANGELA: Did you plan all of this?
OLLY: The last thing I want to do today
is be stuck in a fucking lay-by,
begging my ex-girlfriend!
HUGH: All right. So what the hell
am I going to say
HUGH: is the reason for me summoning all
the nation's major news organisations
to a school in Wiltshire?
GLENN: So you want something sexy
and eye-catching and that is free
GLENN: and universally popular
and is instantly applicable, no-one
can possibly object to it?
HUGH: Yeah.
GLENN: Yes. You should have said something
before, Glenn, because I've got
GLENN: a file that fucking thick of that
back in the office! Those sorts of
policies are ten a penny!
HUGH: Olly!
GLENN: Our entire manifesto is made up of
them. It doesn't help when you
get cynical. This as an opportunity.
OLLY: It's not that easy to come up with
Das Kapital in the back of the cab,
Glenn!
HUGH: Olly. Here. Shave.
GLENN: What we need is
something that the public want,
is incredibly popular and is free.
OLLY: Return of capital punishment.
GLENN: That's a joke, right?
You are joking, yes, obviously?
HUGH: Come on, Olly.
Come up with something.
OLLY: National spare room database?
HUGH: Come on, Olly.
Come up with something.
OLLY: What about zoos?
GLENN: My kids went to a zoo the other day
GLENN: and they said it was fucking
disgusting, the state of it.
HUGH: That's shit, isn't it?
GLENN: No...
GLENN: But there is an idea there,
because in the middle of the city
you've got wild animals.
OLLY: Pet ASBOs. Remember, ASBOs for pets?
HUGH: That sounds potentially ludicrous,
but then pet passports...
I mean that was a...that was a goer.
GLENN: What if everybody
had to carry a plastic bag.
GLENN: By law. You know the identification
cards are coming in...
HUGH: You've fucking cracked! Are you mad?
GLENN: What if the announcement is...
GLENN: there's no big announcement.
GLENN: Oh... Wait. We say the Department of
Social Affairs has been doing
amazing work, bread-and-butter work,
GLENN: the kind of work that you people
aren't interested in.
GLENN: It's not media-friendly stuff.
You're obsessed with how things play
in the media, you sickos. Sickos!
GLENN: Every time we try and do it, we just
carry on with our day, you don't
show up, so we have to call a big...
HUGH: Why bread and butter?
GLENN: On target,
under budget... Coal-face politics.
HUGH: Coal?
GLENN: Absolutely, yes, I like it.
HUGH: Not wasting resources. Let's do that.
HUGH: Let's go for that. We trick them
by...a tinselly thing, and they come
along and then we say, "Ah..."
GLENN: That's what we've been doing! We've
been doing our fucking jobs!
HUGH: Yes,
they never print that stuff, do they?
HUGH: And you've come all this way. We've
got you two hours out of London
to cover this. You mugs! You mugs!
HUGH: You've got a bigger story here
than you have chasing your tinsel.
HUGH: You live in a country which is
properly... There's not
many countries can say that!
GLENN: And we've probably got
ten million we can throw at it.
HUGH: Yes.
GLENN: That's good, that,
because it sounds like a lot.
HUGH: Yeah.
GLENN: I've got a thing here that says
"springy concrete".
GLENN: I think that's about the playground
but I don't...
HUGH: "Springy concrete"?
HUGH: Good afternoon. Should I say, "Hello,
boys and girls"?
GLENN: Yes, very nice.
HUGH: No, it's going out on TV.
GLENN: It'll look ridiculous if he's on
the six o'clock news
saying, "Hello, boys and girls."
HUGH: ..Real money for real families...
GLENN: He's not patronising them!
HUGH: Real families or real people?
GLENN: Real people!
HUGH: Families!
GLENN: You see...families. Families sounds
exclusive. It sounds back to basics.
It sounds John Major, so...
HUGH: "People" sounds communist.
GLENN: It doesn't!
HUGH: I'll say families.
GLENN: Thank you.
HUGH: Say "families of people".
UNKNOWN: Mr Abbot...
GLENN: Great, you're on, here we go.
GLENN: It's what you do best, mate.
HUGH: Yeah.
GLENN: Well, that was a fucking disaster.
HUGH: Well, that...
GLENN: Shut up.
GLENN: Thank you.
MALCOLM: Ah! Well done.
MALCOLM: There's absolutely nothing
in the Standard. Big fat nothing.
Nothing? You've got away with it.
MALCOLM: He's created a press conference
so boring that none
of the Press will even touch it.
MALCOLM: Fucking well done, mate!
You turned it around.
GLENN: Well,
you really pulled it round, mate.
HUGH: I took the flack. You supplied the
flack jacket. And the bullets bounced
off.
HUGH: This is what it's all about, Glenn.
HUGH: All those years at the coal-face,
hanging in, taking all the shit.
HUGH: When you're senior Cabinet minister,
then we'll show them. And Snooper
Force...
GLENN: What?
HUGH: We'll get rid of that.
GLENN: Oh, for fuck sake, yeah! Fiddling
while Rome burns.
HUGH: Fucking right!
GLENN: We'll kick some arse, kick some butt!
That's what we're in it for, mate.
GLENN: Instead of all the shit that we do.
HUGH: Have to do.
GLENN: It's a means to an end!
HUGH: Fuck me, Malcolm! How do you do that?
MALCOLM: Can I have a word with you?
[DOOR SLAMS]
MALCOLM SIGHS DEEPLY
MALCOLM: I'm hacked off, mate.
HUGH: But we...we killed it. It's killed.
MALCOLM: Yeah. But once you start the fire,
Malc, and we didn't start the fire.
MALCOLM: It's always burning since
the world's been turning, etc, etc.
HUGH: Sorry, Malcolm, you're
not making any sense.
MALCOLM: Prime Minister, obviously he's on
the plane in Stockholm, and somebody
hits him with The World At One.
MALCOLM: He thinks it's the Treasury
trying to stiff him one, so he...
MALCOLM: He stuck with the story.
HUGH: He liked it?
MALCOLM: Yeah, he's backing
the Snooper Force.
HUGH: Oh, right.
HUGH: We shouldn't really then...
HUGH: I mean, you shouldn't
really have told us to...
should you?
MALCOLM: Don't should me, Hugh,
MALCOLM: cos I'll should you right back.
MALCOLM: I'll should you right through
that window.
MALCOLM: None of this
should be happening, should it?
Should it? Should it?
HUGH: Is that "should" in the sense of "yes" or...
MALCOLM: It's should in the sense that you
should do as you're fucking told.
HUGH: Yeah. What...
HUGH: What are we going to do now?
MALCOLM: You're going to completely
reverse your position.
HUGH: Hang on a second.
Malcolm, it's not actually that...
HUGH: That's going to be quite hard,
really.
MALCOLM: Yes, well, the announcement that
you didn't make today...you did.
HUGH: No, I didn't, and there were
television cameras there
while I was not doing it.
MALCOLM: Fuck them.
HUGH: I'm not sure...what level of reality
I'm supposed to be operating on.
MALCOLM: Look, this is what they run with.
MALCOLM: I tell them that you said it,
they believe that you said it.
MALCOLM: They don't really believe you said
it. They KNOW you never said it...
MALCOLM: Right... But it's in their interest
to say that you said it because
if they don't say that you said it,
MALCOLM: they're not going to get what you
say tomorrow, when I decide to
tell them what it is you're saying.
HUGH: Yeah. I am following this. I just...
MALCOLM: I had a friend who used to indulge
in extramarital affairs, OK?
MALCOLM: He'd go off
and he'd have some dalliance
MALCOLM: and every Monday, he'd come back
and he'd meet his wife,
and he told me that all he did
MALCOLM: was, inside his head, turn a little
switch - the affair never happened.
MALCOLM: OK?
HUGH: Right. There's no...
What is the problem with this?
HUGH: The problem with it... First of all,
I didn't get much dalliance.
MALCOLM: Rewind today in your head.
HUGH: OK, stop explaining it to me!
MALCOLM: I have to fucking explain it to you!
You haven't been here long enough.
HUGH: Where are all the people?
Where are my people?
TERRI: Um, they've gone home,
Secretary of State. It's five-forty.
HUGH: OK, well, um, listen...
HUGH: The situation is, um... It's pretty
terrible but things have changed, OK?
HUGH: The line is now I DID announce
the Snooper Force
this afternoon at the school.
HUGH: OK, that's what happened, all right?
HUGH: So now you have to tell all the media
in case they missed it.
TERRI: OK?
HUGH: Great.
TERRI: I said at the beginning of today
that this would happen!
TERRI: It's happened. It's nobody's fault,
Terri. Now we have to get a list
of everyone...
HUGH: It's not my fault!
HUGH: I didn't say it was your fault!
TERRI: It is somebody's fault - your fault
and your fault. It's not my fault.
HUGH: If you walk away,
I'll make sure it's pinned on you.
GLENN: Everything going OK?
HUGH: You cunt! We're fucked!
GLENN: Great(!)
HUGH: This is the real world, Terri.
We're fucked.
GLENN: How's it going?
HUGH: Good.
I think they might need a little bit
of co-ordination.
HUGH: Who spoke to Nicky Campbell? Has
anyone spoken to Nicky Campbell?
HUGH: I've got one missed call here,
Nicky Campbell.
HUGH: It's become so complicated, and
it's actually terrifically simple.
HUGH: There was always going to be
a Snooper Force policy. Definitely.
HUGH: It's too good a policy to be invented
by a disgruntled civil servant.
OLLY: I'm really glad you came in.
Angela, you know...
ANGELA: Well, I could
lose my job, Olly.
OLLY: Yeah.
ANGELA: I went to the news desk with three
directly contradictory stories
in one day.
OLLY: I know.
ANGELA: They gave me flip-flops.
ANGELA: You know...someone actually went out
and bought flip-flops to give me.
OLLY: Yeah.
OLLY: You've got to give them credit for
that, though. That is quite funny.
ANGELA: Yeah, and they pasted onto them...
ANGELA: a fucking porn picture of a girl
sucking a big cock,
ANGELA: and they wrote,
"Angela Heaney swallows anything."
OLLY: That is less funny, obviously.
That's actually quite offensive.
ANGELA: Can you give me one good reason why
I shouldn't do a big story on the...
ANGELA: you know...on the day of spin?
OLLY: Why? What sort of story...?
ANGELA: You know, inside story of a
Government department out of control,
with diagrams and a flow chart
ANGELA: with your face and name on it,
Glenn's, Hugh's, and big arrows
showing who spoke to who
ANGELA: and how you all fucked it up! I think
I could write that one myself, Olly.
ANGELA: I could do the punctuation on it!
OLLY: I'm sorry. I was patronising.
MALCOLM: Hi, Angela. Oh, I like the hair!
..How's it going?
ANGELA: Yeah, um, fine.
OLLY: We were just, um, talking about
OLLY: why Angela shouldn't do a big story
on the big insider-y piece,
OLLY: kind of day-of-spin sort of spread
in the paper.
MALCOLM: I don't know.
Maybe you should. Good idea.
MALCOLM: Oh, wait a minute!
MALCOLM: I know why she shouldn't!
If she did that she'd be dead...
MALCOLM: to me, to this department,
to the Government, and she'd never
get another story,
MALCOLM: or a fucking whiff of a story,
so long as she kept
her sorry hack bitch face
MALCOLM: lingering around Westminster,
because I would call every editor
I know - that's all of them -
MALCOLM: and I would tell them to gouge
her name out of their address books
MALCOLM: so she'd never even get a job on
hospital radio - where the sad sack
belongs! That's what I'd tell her.
MALCOLM: But maybe you should do it!
See you later.
ANGELA: Yeah.
OLLY: He's actually...
OLLY: He can be really nice.
ANGELA: It's been a very long day.
HUGH: I didn't say that we weren't doing
it, which is as good as saying
that we were. Bye. The World Tonight.
HUGH: Hello? Hugh Abbot here...
HUGH: It's always a pleasure
to speak to The World Tonight.
HUGH: Go live on air now?
HUGH: Yes, of course, I'd be delighted to.
HUGH: Robin, my pleasure.
HUGH: Nice to be with you.
HUGH: Yes. Before I answer that question,
may I say how delighted I am,
as we all are in the department,
HUGH: at the excitement and enthusiasm
that our Benefit Fraud
Inspection Unit has created.
HUGH: I announced at a press conference
this new Benefit Fraud
Inspection Unit,
HUGH: which we are hoping to call...
HUGH: Sponge Avengers,
HUGH: and, um, at that press conference
HUGH: there seems to have been a bit of
a blip
HUGH: because many of the journalists
didn't pick up on the announcement.
HUGH ON RADIO: a bit of scandal or incompetence,
so that statement
HUGH: that the policy was the invention
of a disgruntled civil servant
HUGH: was actually the invention
of a disgruntled civil servant.
HUGH: No, there's only one disgruntled
civil servant, because one of
them's...one of them's an invention
HUGH: by the other one, you see?
HUGH: Anyone listening carefully would have
thought I sounded completely mad.
GLENN: No, you came over loud and clear.
HUGH: It's going to put the whole thing
to bed, anyway. Kill it.
GLENN: And Olly's offered Angela a Private
Life piece about you.
HUGH: Oh, great(!)
GLENN: A Sunday with you and the family,
go for a walk, spend time with you.
HUGH: She'll be checking through my books
and snooping in my bathroom cabinet
HUGH: and making snide remarks about how
I don't know who Gail Porter is!
GLENN: We did dick her about, Hugh.
HUGH: Yeah.
GLENN: And we're getting a roasting
at the moment
GLENN: from what has been dubbed
flip-flop Friday,
GLENN: so we need all the help from friends
we can get right now.
HUGH: I know.
GLENN: Look, what do you think?
HUGH: Well, I just think that...
HUGH: I want a new driver. I don't
want to see this guy ever again.
GLENN: On what grounds?
HUGH: Smiling. Inappropriate smiling.
HUGH: And smirking. Smiling and smirking.
HUGH: I don't want to see that smile
or smirk ever again. OK?
HUGH: OK, thank you very much. Which way
do you want to go? Blackwall Tunnel?
DRIVER: I don't care, you're the boss.